what up YouTube and co-chair with a
brand new video and today I'm going to
be showing you guys my fully upgraded
black hammer sniper that you get from
the CODIS and raid now I have this
weapon fully maxed out at three thirty
one and i'm gonna compare to the
Icebreaker that's also at 331 now
they're both obviously fire damage maxed
out now ice breaker has more weight of
fire and more range and quite a bit more
maxsize about double but black hammer
smokes and instability and has a little
bit more impact as well so let's go into
the key stats here so starting off with
a ballistics person like the first one
the best just offers the most stability
a white nail rapidly landing three
precision shots will refill the magazine
that is such a sick perk at first when I
got this weapon I didn't think much of
it guys but i will show you some clips
it is so cool wave snapshot I mean this
weapon is Incred incredibly fast sorry
we have flared magwell reload this
weapon even quicker and perfect balance
weapon has extremely low recoil now then
we have mulligan missing a shot as a
chance to return ammo directly to the
magazine that is also a good perk when
you combine it with the first unique 1
i'll be showing you guys how it looks in
a second it also has hive disruptor
which increases damage for hive majors
that's great for the raid especially
during the crota actual part itself so
let's get right into some clips sorry
about this clip the audio is a little
bugged but you you get the whole look of
it so pretty much as 3 mag size and
every time you keep lighting precision
shots it automatically fills the clip
back up to 3 which enables you to keep
shooting and shooting and shooting until
the boss is dead or whatever you're
shooting at dies because it doesn't even
take from the magazine it doesn't reload
it it just instantly makes up the ammo
and puts it into the magazine which is
awesome guys I
like it's just such a good PVE weapon
probably the best I really really did
like the the Icebreaker but I seriously
think this is a new favorite of mine
also because it is a legendary takes up
that legendary doesn't have to be an
exotic doesn't have to take up an exotic
slot so I seriously I'm considering this
to be the best pde weapon that's out
there right now so I don't know it just
it's four bosses for strikes anything
like that this weapon is just a God for
the rain it's also amazing if you can
land your headshots consistently this
weapon is so good and you don't even
have to land the headshots instantly
right after each other as soon as you
can shoot you can wait about two seconds
between shots which is even better in my
opinion but here's the last little clip
shooting this boss guys but yeah that is
my review I think this gun is so awesome
guys if you like this video please drop
me a like subscribe for more daily
destiny content and as always and cool
show
you